He was sleeping.
He was saying,
I'm going to check your belly.
It was so big.
This area is called the lower part of the body.
Lower?
It was so funny.
He was holding his belly like this.
His belly was rolling.
He was like a political party.
It was so funny.
He was sitting like this.
He was turning around.
This was turning.
So he was holding his knee.
He was waiting for the medicine.
Show me something...
Let me do my pen-☆
Don't let me see dirty-☆
Howètres!
Is that good!?
Works, howothers!
Eliminates dirt...
Clean up this.
What about this?
You brought the Cr fatty here...
It's hard tap!
Come on, earn a bit.
Here's a paper from my old line...
You have to drink water from the tap.
I know you're worried about this.
You take this from the cat.
What cat's pimple has changed?
You're such a bastard cat!
Should I open the curtain of your house?
What are you doing?
This is a
I'm sorry.
I get it.
I think this situation was the alarm.
The medicine didn't go off early.
You were acting funny.
What did you say?
Why did you do it?
I'm sorry.
Get ready.
The water for broọlis...
Huh?
What's wrong?
I'll give you a drink.
A strawberry?
A strawberry juice?
Why don't you add some water?
You can add wasabi or mustard.
Wasabi or mustard in the medicine.
You can't break it.